c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\bin\Debug\Allan_Project3.exe.config
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\bin\Debug\Allan_Project3.exe
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\bin\Debug\Allan_Project3.pdb
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\bin\Debug\Allan_Project3.xml
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.AboutBox1.resources
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.Form1.resources
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.Resources.resources
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.SplashScreen1.resources
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.exe
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.xml
c:\users\niagaracisres\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.pdb
C:\Users\NIAGARACISRES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\NIAGARACISRES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.Form2.resources
C:\Users\NIAGARACISRES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.SplashScreen2.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\bin\Debug\Allan_Project3.exe.config
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.exe
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.xml
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.pdb
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.AboutBox1.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.SplashScreen1.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.SplashScreen2.resources
C:\Users\Danielle\Desktop\New folder\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Allan_Project3\Allan_Project3\obj\Debug\Allan_Project3.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
